Mom
Rockefeller
I'll fight with you, you dead girl
Don't be impulsive, mom, it's alright
Mom, it's okay, let's go
Come on.
Stop! Did I let you go?
Lin Nian Nian hasn't apologized to me yet
I didn't do anything wrong.
Why should I apologize?
Aunt Heihu
This Lin Niannian just pushed me
Shouldn't he apologize to me?
Aunt Soul
I didn't mean to target you either.
It's just that you just hit my sports car
As long as he is willing to apologize to me
I can let go of the past
You can also fall without leaving the frame.
Is that right?
Mom, don't believe his nonsense.
Of course, Aunt Soul.
I am in love with snow
Count
Nini
Why don't you apologize to the eldest lady?
Okay? Why?
Mom they all do this to you and you
Sorry.
Just be a mom, please
raw
pissed
Oh girl
You can go back to him.
I'm going back to get a design draft
What's the matter?
It's a little bloody.
I'm sorry
Dad shouldn't have forced you to apologize
Just draw another design draft
Mom's health matters
It's alright mom
You're my mom.
Listen to you more
What a mess to put on the sofa
The nanny in this house is really getting more and more unruly
Such an excellent design draft
Is it?
It was you who missed the poor and asked him to draw it.
Why should he
Since I found out
That's mine.
Xueqin, you made your favorite soup
Mom, I want to go to the design department of Roselle Group
OK
Mom arranged for you to go to Roselle Group as the director of the design department